docs(releases): De-duplicate release naming docs, and centralize in /product/releases/naming-releases/ (#14748)
getsentry/sentry-docs: includes/bind-release-version.mdx

## Bind the Version

Include a release ID (often called a "version") when you initialize the SDK.

There are some release name restrictions and conventions to be aware of. [Learn more about Naming Releases](/product/releases/naming-releases/).

> Releases can also be auto-created by different systems -- for instance, upon uploading a source map, or by some clients when an event that is tagged with a release is ingested. Therefore, it's important to set the release name when building and deploying your application. Learn more in our [Releases](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/releases/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases can also be auto-created by different systems -- for example, when uploading a source map, or by some clients when an event that is tagged with a release is ingested. Therefore, it's important to set the release name when building and deploying your application. Learn more in our [Releases](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/releases/) documentation.
```
